

The CLI command to launch coala in nested language mode

`coala --nested-language --file=naruto.html --langauge=html,php --bears=HTMLBear,PHPBear`

Get converted to two argument list (Depends on the number of languages)

`coala --file=test_naruto_html --bears=HTMLBear`
&
`coala --file=test_naruto_php --bears=PHPBear`

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Using these two arguments we will make two Sections ( *bcoz, sections are made via arguments in load_configuration()* )
Here we will hijack the` [cli] Section`

The two section that will be made would look like this:

```bash
[nl.html]
files = test_naruto_html
bears = HTMLBear
setting = value

[nl.html]
files = test_naruto_php
bears = PHPBear
setting = value
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE: The nested file was initially passed to the parser in the coala.py before the
mode_normal() or other modes were called. NLCore segregates the file and returns a 
`seg_nested_file_dict` . It looks like below:

```python
{
	naruto.html:{
		"test_naruto_html" : (html, HTML section of original file),
		"test_naruto_php" : (php, PHP section of original file)
	}
}
```
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Now what happens after sections are created is as follows:


An important thing to note is that, the file we mention in the section are actually
in the memory. So we would have to do a bit of maneuvering.

The thing is the content of the file are loaded into the memory after the sections
are created in *instantiate_process()*. In this it uses the path of the file mentioned
in the section to actually find the real file in the path to load. The contents of the
file is loaded in the  file_dict along with the file name.

So here, instead of looking for the file in the actual path, we would make coala
look for the file in `segregated_nested_file_dict`. And use the contents present in it
to make the file_dict.

And once the file_dicts are made, coala runs normally. [ *Working on what happens after this* ]

The entire process can be thought of as manipulating coala xD

TL;DR the original file is seperated into different files, each having only one language. These 
files are actually loaded in memory. But the above process make coala think as if the segregated file is
actually present and it treats them as real files and does the bear analysis on it.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TO summarise

1. The original file is passed to NLCore and it returns back a segregated_nested_file_dict (*contains the content of the segregated section with a psuedo name. This pseudo name acts like the file name*)

2. We take the information of the nested language file and split them into seperate argument list.

3. Each argument list is use to make a section. Number of section would be equal to the number of nested languages.

4. In the `instantiate_process()`, the file_content will be taken from `segregated_nested_file_dict`

